Updated notes on IsMfaRegistered claim (#105656)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/conditional-access-technical-profile.md

| UserId | Yes | string | The identifier of the user who signs in. |
| AuthenticationMethodsUsed | Yes |stringCollection | The list of methods the user used to sign in. Possible values: `Password`, and `OneTimePasscode`. |
| IsFederated | Yes |boolean | Indicates whether or not a user signed in with a federated account. The value must be `false`. |

> | IsMfaRegistered | Yes |boolean | Indicates whether the user already enrolled a phone number for multi-factor authentication. If a conditional access policy recommends `mfa` and this claim is `false`, then the conditional access evaluation will return `block` instead. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IsMfaRegistered | Yes |boolean | Indicates whether the user already enrolled a phone number for multi-factor authentication. If a conditional access policy recommends `mfa` and this claim is set to `false`, then the conditional access evaluation returns `block` instead. |
```

   > [!NOTE]
   > 

>    > If you wish to adopt a different approach to non-MFA registered users on a `mfa` result, set the `IsMfaRegistered` claim to always default to `true` and implement the custom logic in your policy.

Reviewer: @stuart938503 

Thanks for your contribution, but I'm finding it difficult to understand the note. Could you add an explanation please? 

Also, update the `ms.date` to the current date.
